Interview #1: Anthony Tang Kai - 

THIS IS NOT THE REAL INTERVIEW BUT INSTEAD A PLACE HOLDER INTERVIEW

Cook: Well it’ll start with the heart. And it will be a sort of a personal trainer for you.  You can set goals and it will reward you for achieving certain things.  You can choose [for it] to interact with your doctor.  You can choose to combine it with other apps on the phone and get a full view of your health and so it’s a whole new area for Apple. We’re all about making great products and enriching people’s lives and we see it as allowing us to do that at a whole different level. The Apple watch is the most personal device we’ve ever created. 

Rose: So what’s interesting is that outside the entrepreneurs can design apps for this watch.

Cook: Yes.  We’ve opened it up to developers, and one of the reasons we wanted to announce it before we shipped it is so that the developers will have time to develop software for it. Based on the first few days, I would say there’s going to be a lot of stuff available for it.

Cook: Yeah, it requires an iPhone.  Because they've been designed to work together.  [For] things like messages, it's using the cellular system to pull down your messages.  However, if you go for a run and you don't want to carry your iPhone, music is also in your watch.  And so, with the Bluetooth headset, you can run and listen to your music without your iPhone.

Rose: There’s a fashion item aspect of this, too.  

Cook: There is.

Rose: Johnny [Ive] brought in his friend Marc Newson.

Cook: He did.  He did, and Marc is unbelievable.  He’s another great addition to the Apple team.  But Johnny and team recognized that to wear something it had to be incredibly personal.  It had to reflect your taste and and express what you wanted to express about yourself.  It’s sort of like your clothes and your shoes.  You're not going to wear the same thing everybody else does.  And so, most tech companies, I think, look at this as only technology.  We recognize that technology itself isn't sufficient, that it had to have a style element.  It had to be something that you're proud of wearing.  I mean, this is connected to your body.
