Interview #4: Albert Bailey 
THIS IS NOT THE REAL INTERVIEW BUT INSTEAD A PLACE HOLDER INTERVIEW

Interview Setting: Interview conducted in office of [professor's] office in the mechanical engineering building. The interview was conducted at 3:30 PM on Wednesday afternoon.

Affiliation with interviewee: Professor has been my professor for two classes. I have also spoken with him privately regarding attending graduate school and areas of study.

(Start of Interview)

Interviewer: Particularly in regard to design and development, what are your duties as a mechanical engineer? 

Interviewee: Do you mean before I took this position or in this position. 

Interviewer: Both. 

Interviewee: In my position I have now, about half of my time is devoted to counseling and registration and other issues like that. About thirty to forty percent of my time is involved with teaching, doing preparation, helping out in the labs, and helping students. About five to ten percent of my time is spent being involved in academic committees and working with administrative items. 

Interviewer: Do you do any research? 

Interviewee: Most of my research is education-related. I have a grant from the National Science Foundation to put some CNC machines in the student labs to teach students. 

Interviewer: What types of research did you do before when you were an associate professor? 

Interviewee: I worked primarily with acoustics and noise control, with my emphasis being in active noise and vibration control. I worked with the aircraft fuselage and all of the vibrations and noises created in there and limiting their effects on the cockpit. Of course, automobile engines are also very noisy being so close to the driver. I also worked with compressors. I worked with really small compressors to really big compressors. I worked on small refrigeration units using passive and active control techniques. You?d be surprised at how big an issue refrigerator noise is overseas, in Europe and Asia with their tight living conditions. I also worked with huge engine compressors of up to sixty horsepower. That?s really big for a university, you know. I also worked with reciprocating compressors, screw compressors, scroll compressors, and rotary compressors. 

Interviewer: Most of your current grants are education-related though, correct? 

Interviewee: That?s right, most of them are related to education. But I don?t have much time in this job now to do that though. I feel that I need to teach with this job, because I need to have that link to the curriculum and the students. 

Interviewer: How much contact have you had with industry? 

Interviewee: I had quite a bit of contact when I worked as an associate professor. I spent quite a bit of time at the Herrick Labs. I worked with a couple of United Technologies companies, Sikorkey Helicopter and Carrier Corporation, who does refrigeration, Aspera, which is an Italian company that makes compressors, General Motors, and some governmental work.  

